Add forthcoming version to documentation (#144)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/notes/new_version.rst

.. include:: ../exports/alias.include

.. _forthcoming_notes:

###################
Forthcoming Version
###################

> Next release will include the following **Configuration features**:

Reviewer: IPv6 support?

* Support DNS by given Domain Name in configuration instead of an IP address.
* Support keyed topics.
* Support TLS configuration and communication.

Next release will include the following **User Interface features**:

* Allow to close the Router application gently with ``SIGTERM`` (``kill``) as with ``SIGINT`` (``^C``).

> Next release will include the following **Continuos-Integration features**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next release will include the following **Continuous-Integration features**:
```

* Add communication tests for UDP, TCP and TLS WAN cases.
* Extend tool test with more complex configurations.
* Erase Flaky tests from CI required passing tests.

> * Implement a new class to check test executions does not produce warning or error logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Implement a new class to check that no warning or error logs are produced during test executions.
```

* Add gMock to test libraries.

> Next release will fix the following **mayor bugs**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next release will fix the following **major bugs**:
```

* Fix GUID creation when explicit guid is provided.

> Next release will fix the following **minor bugs**:

Reviewer: We might want to mention the reformatting of yaml files, as with the old format having no final blank line caused issues.
